{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green2\blue7;\red251\green2\blue7;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Methods\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 	This project uses the following libraries: Tidyverse, Janitor, Fedmatch, Lubridate, and bansr. Dependencies were managed with Renv (see project .lock file).\
\
The catchment size for the conventional and eco roof were calculated (catchment_size). \cf2 VERIFY CATCHMENT SIZES! \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Precipitation
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	First, rain data was uploaded, and cleaned. The data was filtered by the start (09/01/2018) and end (06/01/2019) dates of the project. Additionally, the month of October was removed due to sensor malfunctioning (rain$full). Rain data was then parsed into discrete storm events (storms) that had at least 5.08 mm of rain, with an interevent period of 24 hours (rain$storms).\
\
	Parsing the flow from the roofs was difficult as there was a lag between rainfall and discharge. Thus, all data was parsed from the start of the first event, to the start of the next event (storm_parser), instead of the start of the first event to the end of the first event. \cf3 add the event end to the last value of the event stop. \cf0 \
\
Finally, roof rain volume was calculated for each roof as well. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Flow \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 	Flow from the conventional roof (flow$con) and the eco roof (flow$eco) were uploaded and cleaned before being combined together (flow$roof). Data was filtered by project start date and end date, as well as the month of October as well. Before being parsed by storm event. \cf4 After, flows that were less than 0.04 L/s were removed due to error. \cf2 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 Chemistry \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 	
\f1\b0 Metal data was uploaded (chemistry$metals), tidyed, and converted to ppm from ppb. Nutrient data (chemistry$nutrients) were uploaded and also tidyed. Metals data and nutrients data were combined (chemistry$full) and filtered by the project start date, project end date, and month of October. Data was finally parsed like the flow data as opposed to the rain data. \cf2 Parse dates. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 Retention \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 	}